Release: Gateway version 3.4.3.3 (#6750)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

#### Admin API

* Added the Kong Gateway edition to the root endpoint of the Admin API. [#7674](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7674)

#### Plugins
* **[AppDynamics](/hub/kong-inc/app-dynamics/)**: Added `CONTROLLER_CERTIFICATE_FILE` and `CONTROLLER_CERTIFICATE_DIR` environment variable config for the AppDynamics plugin to use a self-signed certificate.

### Fixes
#### Portal
* Implemented relative URLs for portal root path redirection to prevent erroneous redirections to incorrect domains or protocols.

#### Core
* Fixed an RBAC issue that required adding missing endpoints to all workspaces.

#### Plugins
* **[OAS-Validation](/hub/kong-inc/oas-validation/)**: Fixed an issue where cookie parameters were not being validated.

#### Admin API
* It is no longer possible for admins or RBAC users to update their own roles.

#### Kong Manager

* Fixed an issue where the dynamic ordering dropdown list didn't show custom plugins.

* Fixed an issue where the role of the current workspace couldn't be created by the role `workspace-super-admin`'s admin.

### Dependencies

> * Bump `kong-redis-cluster` to 1.5.3
> 
> * Bump `lua-resty-healthcheck` to 1.6.4 to fix a bug where the health check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bumped `kong-redis-cluster` to 1.5.3

* Bumped `lua-resty-healthcheck` to 1.6.4 to fix a bug where the health check
```

  * Bumped `curl` from 8.3.0 to 8.4.0
  * Bumped `nghttp2` from 1.56.0 to 1.57.0

## 3.4.3.3 
**Release Date** 2024/01/12

### Features
#### Core

> * The Debian variant of kong docker image is built using Debian 12 now. [#7672](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7672)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Debian variant of Kong Gateway Docker image is now built using Debian 12. [#7672](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7672)
```

#### Admin API

> * Added gateway edition to the root endpoint of the admin API. [#7674](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7674)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the Kong Gateway edition to the root endpoint of the Admin API. [#7674](https://github.com/Kong/kong/issues/7674)
```

#### Plugins

> * **[AppDymanics](/hub/kong-inc/app-dynamics/)** Added CONTROLLER_CERTIFICATE_FILE and CONTROLLER_CERTIFICATE_DIR env config for AppDynamics plugin to use a self-signed certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[AppDynamics](/hub/kong-inc/app-dynamics/)**: Added `CONTROLLER_CERTIFICATE_FILE` and `CONTROLLER_CERTIFICATE_DIR` environment variable config for the AppDynamics plugin to use a self-signed certificate.
```

### Fixes
#### Portal
* Implemented relative URLs for portal root path redirection to prevent erroneous redirections to incorrect domains or protocols.

#### Core
* Fixed an RBAC issue that required adding missing endpoints to all workspaces.

#### Plugins
* **[OAS-Validation](/hub/kong-inc/oas-validation/)**: Fixed an issue where cookie parameters were not being validated.

#### Admin API
* It is no longer possible for admins or RBAC users to update their own roles.

#### Kong Manager

> * Fixed an issue where the dynamic ordering dropdown list does not show custom plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the dynamic ordering dropdown list didn't show custom plugins.
```

* Fixed an issue where the role of the current workspace couldn't be created by the role `workspace-super-admin`'s admin.

### Dependencies

> #### Default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * Bump kong-redis-cluster to '1.5.3'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bump `kong-redis-cluster` to 1.5.3
```

> * Bump lua-resty-healthcheck to 1.6.4 to fix a bug where the healthcheck

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bump `lua-resty-healthcheck` to 1.6.4 to fix a bug where the health check
```

>   module would not work correctly when multiple healthchecks instance were
>   not dealy cleared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  module would not work correctly when multiple health check instances were not cleared.
```
I'm going to guess that's what that meant.
